# Computardy_Game
CONTENTS OF FILE ----------------------------- * Project Name * Developer * Course Name * Requirements * Introduction * Troubleshooting * FAQ ----------------------------- # Project Name: Computardy ----------------------------- # Developer: Kinjal Kamboj ----------------------------- # Course Name: ICS4U1-01 ----------------------------- # Requirements: A desktop system with the latest version of Eclipse IDE downloaded that supports GUI. ----------------------------- # Introduction: This application is for anyone that wishes to brush up on their basic Grade 12 Computer Science skills in a Jeopardy game style where each question is worth different points. Categories covered for the twelve questions in this game are Variables, Expressions, Arrays, Loops, Inheritance, Polymorphism, Objects and Classes. ----------------------------- # Troubleshooting:    * Ensure that the project runs on a Java environment.    * Ensure that the images are located in the appropiate folder: "Resources".    * Ensure that the text file: "Instructions" is located in the project folder    * Ensure that the audio file is included in the project folder too    * If in need of further assistance, contact the developer. ----------------------------- # FAQ    * Q: The sound cannot be muted after I move to a different screen (Instructions, Game).    * A: For now, the sound can only be muted or resumed in the start screen.      * Q: The game is lagging or does not show the questions right away.    * A: Close other unnecessary applications open on your desktop. You can also refresh Eclipse (Ctrl+F5) or close and open it again.
